Reorganized some READMEs (#160)
cloudevents/sdk-java: api/README.md

# CloudEvents API

> For Maven based projects, use the following to configure `cloudevents-api`:

Reviewer: maybe keep it simple? :)

```suggestion
For Maven based projects, use the following dependency:
```

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>io.cloudevents</groupId>
    <artifactId>cloudevents-api</artifactId>
    <version>2.0.0-SNAPSHOT</version>
</dependency>
```

## Features

This package provides the base interfaces used by the SDK. In particular:

> - `CloudEvent` is the main interface representing a read only CloudEvent in memory representation

Reviewer: here and in other places:
```suggestion
- `CloudEvent` is the main interface representing a read only CloudEvent in-memory representation
```

- `Extension` represents a _materialized_ in memory representation of a CloudEvent extension

> - `SpecVersion` represents the different CloudEvent specification versions supported by this SDK version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `SpecVersion` an enum of CloudEvents' specification versions supported by this SDK.
```

> - `CloudEventVisitor`/`CloudEventVisitable` are the main interfaces used by the SDK to implement protocol bindings/event formats.

Reviewer: I would state that these are optional, since one does not need them to implement a `CloudEvent`

>    If your `CloudEvent` doesn't implement it, a default implementation is provided by the SDK.

Reviewer: > If your `CloudEvent` doesn't implement it

This is misleading since `CloudEvent` has no direct relationship to `CloudEventVisitor`/`CloudEventVisitable` at all.

Author: Let me try to rephrase it

Author: Look now

# CloudEvents API

For Maven based projects, use the following dependency:

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>io.cloudevents</groupId>
    <artifactId>cloudevents-api</artifactId>
    <version>2.0.0-SNAPSHOT</version>
</dependency>
```

## Features

This package provides the base interfaces used by the SDK. In particular:

- `CloudEvent` is the main interface representing a read only CloudEvent in-memory representation

> - `Extension` represents a _materialized_ in memory representation of a CloudEvent extension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Extension` represents a _materialized_ in-memory representation of a CloudEvent extension
```

> - `SpecVersion` is an enum of CloudEvent' specification versions supported by this SDK version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `SpecVersion` is an enum of CloudEvents' specification versions supported by this SDK version.
```

- `CloudEventVisitor`/`CloudEventVisitable` are the interfaces used by the SDK to implement protocol bindings/event formats

>    for `CloudEvent` implementations. These interfaces are optional and, if your `CloudEvent` doesn't implement it,

Reviewer: > if your `CloudEvent` doesn't implement it, a default implementation is provided by the SDK.

But `CloudEvent` does not _need_ to implement them. These are optional interfaces _next_ to the `CloudEvent` type (and only make me question the need for them in `api` even more).

Author: > But CloudEvent does not need to implement them

And it's stated pretty clearly: _These interfaces are optional_ aka if you want, implement them, otherwise the sdk will take care of it.
How do you propose to rephrase it?

Reviewer: I'd clearly state the purpose of them, why they are part of `api`, who may need/want to implement them and how/why to use them (without going into `core`'s implementation details)

Author: Now?

Reviewer: Looks good 👍

# CloudEvents API

For Maven based projects, use the following dependency:

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>io.cloudevents</groupId>
    <artifactId>cloudevents-api</artifactId>
    <version>2.0.0-SNAPSHOT</version>
</dependency>
```

## Features

This package provides the base interfaces used by the SDK. In particular:

- `CloudEvent` is the main interface representing a read only CloudEvent in-memory representation
- `Extension` represents a _materialized_ in-memory representation of a CloudEvent extension
- `SpecVersion` is an enum of CloudEvents' specification versions supported by this SDK version.
- `CloudEventVisitor`/`CloudEventVisitable` are the interfaces used by the SDK to implement protocol bindings/event formats.
   A 3rd party implementer can implement these interfaces directly in its `CloudEvent` in order
   to customize/implement efficiently the marshalling/unmarshalling process.
   These interfaces are optional and, if your `CloudEvent` doesn't implement it, a default implementation is provided by the SDK.

The implementation of these interfaces are provided by `cloudevents-core` and a 3rd party implementer can grab this package

> to implement specialized CloudEvent in memory representations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to implement specialized CloudEvent in-memory representations.
```
